Release v0.26.0 (#3296)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/blog/releases/v0.26.0.md

* Add ability to specify kube-version for helm by using pipecd application configurations ([#3261](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3261))
* Enable filter notifications based on application/deployment's labels ([#3241](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3241))
* Enable to use `pipecd.dev/sync-by-replace: "enabled"` annotation in Kubernetes manifests to use `kubectl replace/create` instead of `kubectl apply` while applying it ([#3237](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3237))
* The env-id and env-name were removed from `pipectl application list` command ([#3294](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3294))
* Fix wrong summary result for Kubernetes application in case the image version was updated ([#3285](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3285))
* Remove env-id option from pipectl's add-application command ([#3276](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3276))
* Avoid error from actions-plan-preview when sending a too long message on GitHub ([#3253](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3253))
* Fix unable to register event in case of using MySQL as datastore ([#3245](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3245))

> * Remove Environment concept from web view ([#3217](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3217))

Reviewer: should we move those kinds of changes related to Environment as `breaking change` and mention notes to migrate (env => label env blog: https://pipecd.dev/blog/2022/02/10/february-2022-update/#environment-and-deployment-configuration-file-were-deprecated) 🤔

Author: Right. Let me do it.

Author: @khanhtc1202 Addressed by https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/3296/commits/2a226e6f3b8bbaefd9de31d23d1ffc4b0d95f1b0.

---
title: "Release v0.26.0"
linkTitle: "Release v0.26.0"
date: 2022-02-21
description: >
 Release v0.26.0
---

## Changelog since v0.25.1

### Breaking changes

The environment concept has been removed.

> It was deprecated at [v0.24.0](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/releases/tag/v0.24.0) and from this version it will be no longer supported. Please check this [guide](https://pipecd.dev/blog/2022/02/10/february-2022-update/#environment-and-deployment-configuration-file-were-deprecated) to switch to use Label instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It was marked as deprecated from [v0.24.0](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/releases/tag/v0.24.0), and from this version, it will be no longer supported. Please check this [guide](https://pipecd.dev/blog/2022/02/10/february-2022-update/#environment-and-deployment-configuration-file-were-deprecated) to switch to use Label instead.
```
nits
